documentation/lang_EN/2. how_to_install.md, before:

# How to Install Image-Tea-nano

Follow these steps to install Image-Tea-nano on Windows:

1. **Download Git**
   - Go to [https://git-scm.com/download/win](https://git-scm.com/download/win) and download Git for Windows.
   - Run the installer and complete the installation.

2. **Clone the Repository**
   - Open Command Prompt or PowerShell.
   - Navigate to the folder where you want to save the project, for example:  
     `cd D:\Project`  
     or to Desktop:  
     `cd %USERPROFILE%\Desktop`
   - Run:  
     `git clone https://github.com/mudrikam/Image-Tea-nano.git`
   - After cloning, go to the cloned folder:  
     `cd Image-Tea-nano`

3. **Run the Application**
   - Run the **Launcher.bat** file by double-clicking it, or run from Command Prompt:  
     `Launcher.bat`
   - If Python is not installed, the application will automatically download the embedded Python and required libraries.

4. **Done**
   - After the process is complete, the application is ready to use.
   - If you encounter any issues, make sure your internet connection is stable and Git is properly installed.

**Notes:**
- You do not need to install Python manually; just run Launcher.bat.
- To update the application, use the **update via git.bat** file.
- For help, ask in the community WhatsApp group.
- Join the Desainia Group community: [Desainia Group](https://chat.whatsapp.com/CMQvDxpCfP647kBBA6dRn3)

This guide is for Windows only. For other operating systems, please ask in the WhatsApp community group.

Commit message:

Add update_app_toolbar.png image asset for application toolbar updates

documentation/lang_EN/2. how_to_install.md, after:

# How to Install Image-Tea-nano

Follow these steps to install Image-Tea-nano on Windows:

1. **Download Git**
   - Go to [https://git-scm.com/download/win](https://git-scm.com/download/win) and download Git for Windows.
   - Run the installer and complete the installation.

2. **Clone the Repository**
   - Open Command Prompt or PowerShell.
   - Navigate to the folder where you want to save the project, for example:  
     `cd D:\Project`  
     or to Desktop:  
     `cd %USERPROFILE%\Desktop`
   - Run:  
     `git clone https://github.com/mudrikam/Image-Tea-nano.git`
   - After cloning, go to the cloned folder:  
     `cd Image-Tea-nano`

3. **Run the Application**

![Run Image Tea](res\images\image_tea_exe.png)

   - Double-click the **Image Tea.exe** file to start the application.
   - The application will automatically download and install all required dependencies on first run.

4. **Done**
   - After the process is complete, the application is ready to use.
   - If you encounter any issues, make sure your internet connection is stable and Git is properly installed.

**Notes:**
- You do not need to install Python or any libraries manually; just run Image Tea.exe.
- To update the application, use the **update via git.bat** file.
- For help, ask in the community WhatsApp group.
- Join the Desainia Group community: [Desainia Group](https://chat.whatsapp.com/CMQvDxpCfP647kBBA6dRn3)

This guide is for Windows only. For other operating systems, please ask in the WhatsApp community group.
