documentation/lang_EN/3. how_to_update.md, before:

# How to Update Image-Tea-nano

Follow these steps to update Image-Tea-nano to the latest version:

1. **Go to the Project Folder**
   - Open the `Image-Tea-nano` folder you cloned.

2. **Run the Update**
   - Run the `update via git.bat` file by double-clicking it, or via Command Prompt:
     ```
     update via git.bat
     ```

3. **Follow the Instructions**
   - The script will display a warning if there are database structure changes.
   - Choose whether to delete the old database (`database\database.db`) or not.
   - If you delete the database, all data and API keys will be lost.
   - If you keep the database, continue the update at your own risk as old data may not be compatible.

4. **Git Login (If Required)**
   - If you have never logged in to git, enter your GitHub username and email when prompted.

5. **Wait for the Process to Finish**
   - The script will run `git pull` to fetch the latest updates.
   - After completion, the application will automatically run `Launcher.bat`.

**Important Notes:**
- Backup your API key and important data before updating, especially if you choose to delete the old database.
- The application does not support automatic database migration.
- If the update fails because Git is not installed, please install Git first.

This guide is for Windows only. For other operating systems, please ask in the community WhatsApp group.

Commit message:

Add update_app_toolbar.png image asset for application toolbar updates

documentation/lang_EN/3. how_to_update.md, after:

# How to Update Image-Tea-nano

![Update Image Tea](res\images\update_app_toolbar.png)

To update Image-Tea-nano to the latest version, follow these steps:

1. **Open the Application**
   - Start Image Tea.exe as usual.

2. **Check for Update Notification**
   - If an update is available, a notification will appear in the application's statusbar.
   - You can also select the **Update** option from the toolbar or from the **Help** menu in the menu bar.

3. **Perform the Update**
   - Click the update notification in the statusbar, or choose the **Update** menu option.
   - Follow the instructions shown in the application to complete the update process.

4. **Wait for the Process to Finish**
   - The application will automatically download and install the update.
   - Once finished, the application will be ready to use with the latest version.

**Important Notes:**
- Backup your API key and important data before updating if needed.
- If the update fails, make sure your internet connection is stable.
- For help, ask in the community WhatsApp group.

This guide is for Windows only. For other operating systems, please ask in the WhatsApp community group.
